[Music]
[Music] he who scatters has come up before your
he who scatters has come up before your
he who scatters has come up before your face man the fort watch the road
face man the fort watch the road
face man the fort watch the road strengthen your flanks fortify your
strengthen your flanks fortify your
strengthen your flanks fortify your power mightily for the Lord will restore
power mightily for the Lord will restore
power mightily for the Lord will restore the excellence of Jacob like the
the excellence of Jacob like the
the excellence of Jacob like the excellence of Israel for the empty errs
excellence of Israel for the empty errs
excellence of Israel for the empty errs have emptied them out and ruined their
have emptied them out and ruined their
have emptied them out and ruined their vine branches the shields of his mighty
vine branches the shields of his mighty
vine branches the shields of his mighty men are made red the valiant men are in
men are made red the valiant men are in
men are made red the valiant men are in scarlet the chariots come with flaming
scarlet the chariots come with flaming
scarlet the chariots come with flaming torches in the day of his preparation
torches in the day of his preparation
torches in the day of his preparation and the spears are brandished the
and the spears are brandished the
and the spears are brandished the charrids rage in the streets they jostle
charrids rage in the streets they jostle
charrids rage in the streets they jostle one another in the broad roads they seem
one another in the broad roads they seem
one another in the broad roads they seem like torches they run like lightning he
like torches they run like lightning he
like torches they run like lightning he remembers his Nobles they stumble in
remembers his Nobles they stumble in
remembers his Nobles they stumble in their walk they make haste to her walls
their walk they make haste to her walls
their walk they make haste to her walls and the defense is prepared the gates of
and the defense is prepared the gates of
and the defense is prepared the gates of the rivers are opened and the palace is
the rivers are opened and the palace is
the rivers are opened and the palace is dissolved it is decreed she shall be led
dissolved it is decreed she shall be led
dissolved it is decreed she shall be led away captive she shall be brought up and
away captive she shall be brought up and
away captive she shall be brought up and her maid servants shall lead her as with
her maid servants shall lead her as with
her maid servants shall lead her as with a voice of doves beating their breasts
a voice of doves beating their breasts
a voice of doves beating their breasts though Nineveh of old was like a pool of
though Nineveh of old was like a pool of
though Nineveh of old was like a pool of water now they flee away Oh
water now they flee away Oh
water now they flee away Oh halt they cry but no one turns back
halt they cry but no one turns back
halt they cry but no one turns back takes oil of silver take spoil of gold
takes oil of silver take spoil of gold
takes oil of silver take spoil of gold there is no end of treasure or wealth of
there is no end of treasure or wealth of
there is no end of treasure or wealth of every desirable prize she is empty
every desirable prize she is empty
every desirable prize she is empty desolate and waste the heart melts and
desolate and waste the heart melts and
desolate and waste the heart melts and the knees shake much pain is in every
the knees shake much pain is in every
the knees shake much pain is in every side and all their faces are drained of
side and all their faces are drained of
side and all their faces are drained of color
color
color where is the dwelling of the Lions and
where is the dwelling of the Lions and
where is the dwelling of the Lions and the feeding place of the young lions
the feeding place of the young lions
the feeding place of the young lions were the lion walked the lioness and
were the lion walked the lioness and
were the lion walked the lioness and lions curved and no one made them afraid
lions curved and no one made them afraid
lions curved and no one made them afraid the lion torn in pieces enough for his
the lion torn in pieces enough for his
the lion torn in pieces enough for his cubs killed for his lionesses filled his
cubs killed for his lionesses filled his
cubs killed for his lionesses filled his caves with prey and his dens with flesh
caves with prey and his dens with flesh
caves with prey and his dens with flesh behold I am against you says the Lord of
behold I am against you says the Lord of
behold I am against you says the Lord of hosts I will burn your chariots in smoke
hosts I will burn your chariots in smoke
hosts I will burn your chariots in smoke and the sword shall devour your young
and the sword shall devour your young
and the sword shall devour your young lions I will cut off your prey from the
lions I will cut off your prey from the
lions I will cut off your prey from the earth and the voice of your messengers
earth and the voice of your messengers
earth and the voice of your messengers shall be heard no more
shall be heard no more
shall be heard no more [Music]